README.md, before:

Vim-Complimentary
------------------

Complimentary improves the completion of VimL builtin functions, commands, variables and options.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/A2pVI7xZeqhFzQEvtaOBBQPJL.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/A2pVI7xZeqhFzQEvtaOBBQPJL)

A useful companion is the [echodoc](https://github.com/Shougo/echodoc) plugin from Shougo.

Requirements
-------------
This plugin requires the `getcompletion()` function (Vim8 or late 7.4 patches).

Installation
-------------
Use your favorite method:
*  [Pathogen][1] - git clone https://github.com/fcpg/vim-complimentary ~/.vim/bundle/vim-complimentary
*  [NeoBundle][2] - NeoBundle 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  [Vundle][3] - Plugin 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  [Plug][4] - Plug 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  manual - copy all files into your ~/.vim directory

License
--------
[Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Int.](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

[1]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[2]: https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim
[3]: https://github.com/gmarik/vundle
[4]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug

Commit message:

moved funcs to autoload, scripts and def json to data

README.md, after:

Vim-Complimentary
------------------

Complimentary improves the completion of VimL builtin functions, commands, variables and options.

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/A2pVI7xZeqhFzQEvtaOBBQPJL.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/A2pVI7xZeqhFzQEvtaOBBQPJL)

A useful companion is the [echodoc](https://github.com/Shougo/echodoc) plugin from Shougo.

Requirements
-------------
This plugin requires the `getcompletion()` function (Vim8 or late 7.4 patches).

`gawk` is needed if you want to rebuild the completion data yourself.

Installation
-------------
Use your favorite method:
*  [Pathogen][1] - git clone https://github.com/fcpg/vim-complimentary ~/.vim/bundle/vim-complimentary
*  [NeoBundle][2] - NeoBundle 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  [Vundle][3] - Plugin 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  [Plug][4] - Plug 'fcpg/vim-complimentary'
*  manual - copy all files into your ~/.vim directory

License
--------
[Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Int.](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

[1]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[2]: https://github.com/Shougo/neobundle.vim
[3]: https://github.com/gmarik/vundle
[4]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug
